Better error handling (#369)
davidteather/TikTok-Api: README.md

results = 10

> # Since TikTok changed there API you need the custom_verifyFp. From the browser you will need to go to TikTok, Log in and get the s_v_web_id value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Since TikTok changed their API you need to use the custom_verifyFp option. 
# In your web browser you will need to go to TikTok, Log in and get the s_v_web_id value.
```
